[KIKUTA]
Listen up, Usami.
We're only here
to scout things out.
So don't try anything
until we get the go ahead
from Lieutenant Tsurumi.
But if we waste too much time,
there's a chance
he might escape.
Regardless, it's too risky.
News about these
murders is spreading.
Hijikata's group
could be in Sapporo.
There's no way we could
handle them all by ourselves.
Huh? Look at that!
Wow, it's my lucky day.
Somebody dropped money!
[USAMI]
Hmm? Hmm? Hmm?
[KIKUTA]
What's wrong?
Nothing. I just thought
I heard the voice of a man
who's been dead
for a while now.
[KADOKURA]
One whole sen!
[KIRAWUS] This must be your
first spot of good luck ever.
[ARIKO]
With all of the murders lately,
Sapporo's been swarming
with police officers.
There are quite a few
people from Tsukisappu
in the red-light district.
Lieutenant Tsurumi's men
could have already
made their way here.
[OGATA] You can only flee from
the grim reaper for so long.
[ARIKO]
Private Ogata?
So you turned your back
on Lieutenant Tsurumi.
Can't say I saw that coming.
Well, you're one to talk.
I never thought you'd
betray him, either.
It's surprising.
I figured that you'd disguise
yourselves as peddlers again.
[OGATA]
Hmph.
[ASIRPA] Has a strange Japanese
man come to this village
asking around about gold?
He has tattoos
all over his body.
He's not here,
but I've heard rumors.
People say that there's
a strange man with tattoos
who's been spotted near
the Utashinai coal mines.
Apparently, he's a peddler.
Selling sweets, or something.
[UEJI]
Candy! Sweet, tasty candy!
You there, young man!
Would you like a taste?
Are you sure?!
[UEJI] But of course!
Put out your hand.
Here.
Uh...
Is this coal?
[laughs]
I just can't get enough of
that look on your face!
Uh...
[UEJI] Sorry about the prank.
Please, forgive me.
The truth is, I've got
something much better
than candy to give you.
If you'd follow me!
[BOY 47A] But what could
be better than candy?
[UEJI] I suppose you'll have to
see for yourself, won't you?
[OCTOPUS SELLER 47A] Gather,
children, for a tasty snack.
Yes! It's a sweet
treat for cheap!
Just two rin a bag!
Hey, candy seller!
If I buy your sweets, would you
take off your clothes for me?
Um. Can I ask why?
Because I wanna see what
your nipples look like.
So, what do you say, pal?
It's a good deal. Right?
Let's think about this
for a second.
You'd only be paying
for the candy, right?
Which means I would be showing
you my nipples for free, then.
[SUGIMOTO]
I don't need the candy.
You saying my nipples are
only worth two rin to you?!
[ASIRPA]
Hmm, hmm!
Whoa, that's cold!
Oh, sorry! You should
probably get changed.
[gasps]
Don't touch me, shithead!
The hell is wrong
with these guys?!
Our rivals must've sent them
here to mess with our business!
[PEDDLER 47A]
Let's beat the piss out of 'em!
Hold on, ball! Come back!
Don't go in there!
Huh...?
Eh...
Hey, kid.
Have you seen any strangers
around with weird tattoos?
[BOY 47B]
Yeah! He was over there.
[SHIRAISHI]
What?! Really?!
Hey, I want candy!
[UEJI]
Hmm?
[UEJI] Okay, I'll make
the candy appear!
Don't blink, or you'll miss it!
[SHIRAISHI]
Ooh! Yeah, do it!
[UEJI chuckles]
Ah!
By the way, Mister...
I hear you have tattoos!
Is there any chance
you could show them to me?
Yeah. I'd love to see 'em, too.
No problem!
[ASIRPA gasps]
Wait a sec...
They're on your face?
Impressive, aren't they?
I did them all myself!
[SHIRAISHI]
Ah... I can hardly even tell!
You're kidding me...
This is what they meant when
they said "weird tattoos"?
Ugh...
Ah...?
[laughs]
I love the look on your face!
[SHIRAISHI groans]
Thanks anyway, I guess.
Should we head south
to the Saru River next?
I'm curious about those
murders in Sapporo, too.
It couldn't hurt to stop
by and take a look
for ourselves, right?
[UEJI] That reminded me
of the disappointed look
on Boss Wakayama's face!
[chuckles]
[UEJI] Try as hard as you like,
but you'll never find the gold!
What?!
[UEJI] Sweets for sale!
Come and get 'em!
I don't understand.
Why would that weirdo
with the dumb face tattoos
say something like that to you?
I couldn't hear him clearly.
I'm not sure...
[SHIRAISHI sighs]
Well, what now?
You think we should give up
on looking for the pirate
and go chasing after
the candy peddler instead?
I knew we should've stripped him
naked just to be safe.
[sighs] I guess our next step
would be to head to Sapporo.
We can take a ship
down the Ishikari River
to get us to Ebetsu.
Why a ship?
The roads are all muddy
from the melting snow.
Trust me, traveling by ship
will be way faster and easier.
[OOSAWA] The rumors say you know
where the Ainu hid their gold.
As I understand it,
your brother was involved.
Any information
you have would be useful.
Last I heard, some villain
killed him and his comrades
and took the gold
for themselves.
Afterwards, they hid it away.
[OOSAWA]
Where was it first hidden?
Do you know?
Yes, I do.
Wait a second.
You think we should trust him?
The old man could be
making all this up.
I'm curious. You must know
where the gold
was initially discovered.
Can't you tell me that much?
[OLD MAN 47A sighs]
According to the rumors,
it came from a number of places.
The Toppu River...
Sorachi River...
Saru River...
And Shiriuchi River...
[OOSAWA] That list matches the
names he gave me perfectly.
So... Where was all the gold
hidden before it was stolen?
[OLD MAN 47A]
Hmm.
--Right, Gondo.
--Uh-huh?
Bring me three
more bushels' worth.
[SHIRAISHI] We should make it
to Ebetsu before noon.
[ASIRPA] Why didn't Mister Hood
ride with us on the ship?
SHIRAISHI] Guess he wanted
to stay with the horses.
That's not all.
I bet he's trying to keep
his distance from us,
so he can be ready to act if
Ogata ever shows his face again.
If I had to guess, he thinks of
us as nothing more than bait.
[WOMEN chuckling]
[ASIRPA snoring]
Huh?
Who the hell are those guys?
[CAPTAIN 47A] I can't imagine
they're in our way by accident.
We've been bribing
everyone for information.
We'll do a job before
leaving to fill our coffers!
[CREWMEMBER 47A] I've got
a bad feeling about this.
You think they're the guys
who've been attacking the ships?
[CAPTAIN 47A]
Yeah. They have to be.
But they're not getting us!
We're gonna run them over!
[PIRATES yelling]
What was that?
[laughs]
How do you like that, huh?!
[OOSAWA grunts]
Kill the engine.
[gasps]
--[SHIRAISHI] What's wrong?
--[OOSAWA] Hmm?
The pirate?!
Hah! I'll be damned. Shiraishi?
What's going on here?
Be careful! Those two are
working with the robbers!
[SHIRAISHI] Hold on! This whole
thing is a misunderstanding!
[CREWMEMBER 47C]
Back off!
Stop that, you idiot!
You want him to shoot you?!
[SUGIMOTO]
There's no other way.
[CREWMEMBER 47C grunts]
[SUGIMOTO bellows]
[CREWMEMBER 47C yells]
Ah! He's surprisingly
kind-hearted.
Hey, Shiraishi. You've got
somebody pretty tough
working for you. I like him.
[GONDO]
Another steamship's approaching.
This isn't be good.
[SHIRAISHI grunts]
Calm down, Sugimoto!
Don't kill him yet--we have to
see if he has any info first!
[SUGIMOTO growling]
[SHIRAISHI]
Waugh! Oh, crap! This is bad!
He's got that look in his eyes!
He's gonna go all murder-y!
We figured someone has
to know where the Ainu gold
was first hidden. So we've been
traveling around looking
everywhere for clues,
hoping we'd find something
that could lead us to them.
Huh? I should've known
you'd be after that, too!
[SHIRAISHI grunts]
Ah, you must've heard
the rumor going around.
That the code from the tattooed
skins can't be solved anymore.
--[gasps]
--[SUGIMOTO grunts]
I don't wanna cut
your reunion short,
but we've got trouble
headed our way!
[GROUP]
Huh?
Get the ship moving.
Why does that man have a gun?!
Th-They must be robbers!
[NOSAWA] Barricade the door
however you can
and stay out of sight.
I swear I'm going to send
these scumbag robbers
straight to Hell. If they
think they can steal the mail,
they've got another
thing coming.
[NARRATOR] Back in those days,
postal workers often
carried guns for protection!
[gasps]
Just act like nothing's wrong.
Get out of here,
you 7th Division jerks.
Hey, open the door, right now!
[gasps]
[NOSAWA] For you, this ship's
a one-way journey to Hell!
[gasping]
[SOLDIER 47A]
A gunshot?
--[PASSENGERS gasping]
--Ah! He shot him in the head!
[MAN 47D]
This postman kicks ass!
[NARRATOR] Though he had held
his position for 35 years,
this was his first
time firing a gun!
Furthermore...
It was Vasily who killed him, by
firing at the exact same moment!
[SUGIMOTO]
Asirpa!
You wanna steal from me?
Why don't you eat lead?!
The ship's passengers
are in danger!
Turn around, quickly!
Oh, shit! They're after us!
[OOSAWA]
Step aside.
[SOLDIER 47D]
Wait, what are they doing?!
[SOLDIER 47E]
Brace for impact!
[SOLDIERS yelling]
--[laughs] Did you see that?
--Ooh! [laughs]
Not too shabby, huh, Shiraishi?!
Way to go, Pirate! Suck it,
you 7th Division jerks!
You can send your
next letter from Hell,
you bunch of thieving maggots!
I found you another gun, sir!
Nice.
I'm your worst nightmare--
the postman from Hell!
Raugh!
[SUGIMOTO grunts]
This old man's lost his mind!
We need backup!
He's taken down three of ours!
[gasps]
Who's taken them down?!
There's a postman going berserk
on the passenger deck!
He's completely lost it!
[grunting]
[gasps]
I'm down to one bullet.
Do you see any more?
[MAN 47E] There's the pack that
the soldier who had the gun
was carrying!
Hold on! There's
nothing in there!
[OOSAWA groaning]
I'm gonna make you pay
for killing my men.
[gasps]
Asirpa, hit the deck!
[grunts]
Stay down!
[OOSAWA grunts]
[PASSENGERS screaming]
--[OOSAWA] Huh?
--Hey.
[grunts]
[SUGIMOTO snarls]
You put Asirpa in danger,
you shithead!
--[OOSAWA growls]
--[SUGIMOTO grunts]
[snarls]
[SUGIMOTO grunts]
[NOSAWA]
I've had enough!
I'm delivering your
conscription notice to Hell!
Just die!
I'm gonna kill this
asshole no matter what!
I'm out of bullets.
There's more ammo here!
Quick, before it's too late!
[NOSAWA]
Huh?!
Well? Where is it?
Waugh!
Go! Swim away!
[GONDO] Asshole's not
gettin' away that easy!
--[gunshots]
--[NOSAWA panting]
[OOSAWA snarls]
Sugimoto!
Asirpa! Are you okay?!
[GONDO]
Pirate.
The postman who was firing
at us abandoned ship.
But he left the money.
Just calm down! Why don't we
talk this out like adults?
[SUGIMOTO]
Hmph.
You there.
Your name is Sugimoto, right?
About a year ago in Sapporo,
I found one of the other
escaped convicts.
Do you remember the
yakuza boss, Wakayama?
My plan was to get close
so I could kill him
and take his skin.
But I found myself
surrounded by his men.
Give it up. You'll never be
able to crack the code.
What makes you say that?
If you drown in the ocean
or get eaten by a bear,
that's it for whatever
message was on your hide.
There's no way anyone's gonna
get all the tattooed skins.
On top of that, there's always
the chance some weirdo decides
to ruin everything
just to get his rocks off.
[OOSAWA] The fact he didn't take
my skin means he's certain
that it's pointless.
He wouldn't have let me go
if he thought there was even
the slimmest chance
of cracking the code.
Hold on, that sounds familiar.
Didn't Asirpa hear the peddler
say something like that?
[SUGIMOTO]
Hmm.
After hearing all that,
I gave up on trying to find
the tattooed skins.
I see. So, did you find
the place where
the Ainu hid their gold?
Maybe I did, maybe I didn't.
Eh...
[OOSAWA] It's true that knowing
where the gold was
could yield some clues,
but just because something's
nearby doesn't necessarily mean
it'll be easy to find.
Sometimes you can't
even find the change
in your own pocket,
you know what I mean?
Here's a thought!
Let's work together!
I like you Shiraishi--
you were always a lot of fun!
Huh...
And I've got a soft spot for
strong men like you, Sugimoto.
Are you sure...?
We want the gold, too.
Why not become my vassals?
How's that sound?
I don't get what compels
you weirdos to keep
saying stuff like that.
[OOSAWA]
I'm gonna find a warm island
in the South Pacific somewhere.
And then become its king!
I'll grow fruits and export
them to other countries.
I might even put
my face on the money!
I'll have a ton of kids,
and build a kingdom
where they can live happily!
Sounds nice, right?
Yeah, I remember you used
to talk about it all the time.
[chuckles]
Why does everyone want
to bear the burden of something
as big as a country?
Sugimoto. Got a family?
[SUGIMOTO]
Huh? Not really.
[OOSAWA] I see. Is it
because you killed them?
Wait. You didn't, did you?
Of course I didn't!
Tuberculosis.
They died when I was young.
I'm sure you understand, then.
Smallpox took everyone
in my family away from me.
Afterwards, no one brings it up.
They don't even talk to you.
I was basically a stranger.
So can you blame me
for thinking this way?
If I made my own country,
nobody could kick me out of it!
Becoming a king, huh?
[laughs]
I faced forward
and never looked back!
From then on,
I refused to live in fear.
Maybe that's why I was the only
one who didn't get infected.
I was too cheerful to get sick!
[SUGIMOTO'S DAD coughing]
[groans]
Saichi.
Don't count on there being
any open beds at the clinic.
I doubt I'll last long enough
to see one, anyway.
You have a kind heart, son.
But because of that kindness,
you always end up getting
stuck with the worst jobs.
As for me, I've always
been a nosy man.
Personalities are
stubborn things.
Changing them is a lot
easier said than done.
[SUGIMOTO]
Dad...
I'll go back in the morning
and ask again.
[SUGIMOTO]
Hmm?
[meows]
[SUGIMOTO]
Come on.
I thought black cats were
supposed to ward off sickness.
You're as useless as I am, huh?
[SUGIMOTO'S DAD coughing]
You should leave...
Don't let the disease
get you like it did us...
It's already too late for me...
It isn't a sin to
live your own life...
There's so much more
for you out there...
Please, Saichi...
[SUGIMOTO panting]
[SUGIMOTO'S DAD] Go and find a
new home where you can be happy.
Far away from this place...
[SUGIMOTO]
This won't beat me!
[SUGIMOTO'S DAD coughing]
[SUGIMOTO]
Just try and kill me!
I am immortal!
I have a question for you.
What were you going to do
to find your own happiness
after you got your
hands on the gold?
Don't you have any dreams?
[GONDO]
Pirate! We're almost to Ebetsu!
I apologize for
the trouble, everyone.
I'd like to make it up to you.
As our way of saying sorry,
we've decided that we won't
take your valuables!
Instead, we'll only take
the money from the mail
our postman friend left behind.
[NARRATOR] Next time:
"Discharge"!